you know we're not gonna have a new
bachelor until January which is a scary
thing so in the meantime we've taken
matters into our own hands we've
developed a new dating app that to help
kids connect in the most modern of ways
[Music]
hello there hello what's your name
my name is Liliana nice to meet you
Liliana how old are you I'm five years
old what's your name Mike Mike how old
are you four and a half years old do you
have a girlfriend for your birthday
you don't Oh No
so do you have a boyfriend yeah oh you
do
her name is a wiggly wiggly all right
well that's obviously not gonna work out
right right yeah have you ever heard of
tinder no you've not tinder is an app
it's on the phone and what you do is you
look at pictures you do is you swipe
right if you like them you swipe left if
you're not interested let's look at some
people what about her I'll show you
which was right away
that's isla I love my mommy and my daddy
and my baby's sister she said yeah all
right we swipe left
what do you think of this kid Mason he
says I can say the alphabet and tie my
shoes I like him you like him okay very
good what about this guy Patrick I used
to wet the bed but I don't anymore he
does look a little bit like spider-man
yeah
Eva no Telsey no ELISA Liliana yes
really all right great so let's swipe
right on Liliana what about this kid
with a bowtie I like him
well let's like him it's a match he
likes you too look at that there you
guys are
cool you want to go meet Mike mm-hmm I
can't wait to be on TV it's just like
the Bachelorette
[Music]
what are you doing what are you doing oh
what'd you have for breakfast today hey
what are you doing
you concentrating what did you have for
breakfast today
what are you doing
[Music]
look what I got you guys are both very
silly do either of you know any jokes oh
yeah oh you do great
knock-knock impatient guy you get it the
cow is not patience
speaking of cows would you like some
milk or can I get you maybe an ice cream
shake or all right you guys talk to each
other get to know each other if you want
to hold hands go right ahead
what did you have for breakfast today
it sure is real whoa and it's for the
two of you to enjoy together hmm you
want to get up and yeah there you go
I'm holding in one go okay oh this is
very romantic well I think I'm gonna
leave you two to enjoy the rest of your
shake together okay and remember shake
it but don't
I'm so glad you're in love right now no
I'm very glad you're in love I mean I'm
glad you've become friends who are
definitely not in love but are also
drinking a shake together with your
faces about an inch apart
so let's heat up for breakfast today
I'll leave you guys to figure that out
[Applause]
he ever breakfast but that's okay hey we
got a great overnight we music from
Aaron Mars tonight Hugh Bonneville hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that
video hit subscribe and all your dreams
will come true assuming your dreams are
to watch more YouTube videos